Please don't forget to enable the file handle cash once you have a consistent file system uncommented
that include file in the engine Eckstut SEO in a file, then test the configuration and restart Engine
X to enable that directive.
Please keep the server and your WordPress sites up to date.
Don't leave updates for weeks on end.
If you need any help, please ask on the course Q&A on very prompt and I check in a few times a day
to help students with any problems.
At this stage you have a robust, secure and fast Ingenix powered WordPress site running on one two
six zero four or 18 zero four.
You should have no problems in adding additional sites, performing backups or moving your sites from
server to server.
All that's left is for me to say thank you for taking my course.
I hope you enjoyed the course.
And more importantly, you are ending this course with a confidence and knowledge to configure a engine
X powered WordPress site.
I hope to teach you again in the future with further courses that I will be offering.
Thank you and goodbye.